[How dare you!?]
[Episode 25]
Your Majesty.
The antidote.
The antidote!
-Your Majesty.
Give me the antidote!
Where is the antidote?
Give it to me now.
Give it to me!
Hurry, give it to me!
Don't you want
your little Crown Prince to live?
-Give me the antidote!
-If anything happens to her,
all of you will die!
-Your Majesty.
Your Majesty, please don't.
You Xia people
will die a terrible death!
Where's the antidote?
-Give me the antidote!
-CEO Dan!
CEO Dan.
Stop it.
Let go now.
CEO Dan.
Dan...
We haven't eaten the hot pot
in the chamber yet.
Mr. Bei made a hot and sour soup base.
And we still have...
so many things we haven't done yet.
Remember?
Look at me.
I'm going
home...
I'm going home...
It's all right.
Wanyin.
Yes.
Your Majesty!
Eunuch An.
Yes.
Stay here.
Without my word,
the Empress Dowager has to stay alive.
Yes.
Imperial Physician Xiao.
Take the little Crown Prince
back to the palace.
Guard him closely.
No one is to approach him!
Yes.
Guards!
His Majesty has fainted from grief.
Take him back to the palace quickly!
Your Highness.
How is it?
Is the Empress Dowager dead?
There's a skilled young physician
who's helping to keep her barely alive.
What about the Emperor?
The palace is in chaos.
They say
the Emperor collapsed
from excessive grief.
Even the little Crown Prince
fainted and was taken away.
I knew that old thing
wouldn't die so easily.
Perhaps this time
we won't even need to act ourselves,
and they'll fight
until both sides are destroyed.
Wanyin.
Are you alright?
Imperial Physician Xiao sent me a message
and told me what happened.
I was terrified!
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
It's CEO Dan.
He's not doing well.
I temporarily used acupressure
to stop the poison from spreading.
But this poison is extremely dangerous.
It will make him delirious
when it takes effect.
Wanyin,
please watch him for me.
I need to test this poison powder again.
It's all my fault.
I knew the Empress Dowager
wasn't a good person,
yet I still wasn't on guard.
I saw the Crown Prince
as soon as I entered,
but it never crossed my mind.
Don't blame yourself.
Who would be wary of a young kid?
Besides,
you reacted fast enough.
Most of the poison
was blocked by you.
That's true.
But how come nothing happened to me?
CEO Dan only touched a bit
and suddenly became delirious.
I feel something's off,
but I can't figure out why.
The poison knows who to poison.
What do you mean?
I'm just guessing.
It's the same poison,
but it only works on specific people...
The Crown Prince
must've sprinkled poison trigger on him.
Poison trigger?
The Empress Dowager has passed away!
[Taiji Hall]
Wanyin.
You're awake.
Does your head still hurt?
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
That powder wasn't poisonous.
Not poisonous?
Then why did I...
Xie Yong'er reminded me.
Do you remember what the Empress Dowager
said before she died?
That she regretted using the wrong poison.
I think she did say that.
It was my bad luck.
I chose the wrong poison.
There are two parts to a poison:
the seed and the trigger.
The Empress Dowager must have planted
the poison seed when you were young.
Later,
she would periodically
administer the poison trigger on you,
gradually worsening your headaches,
making you unable
to control your emotions,
and turning you into
the tyrant everyone speaks of.
You mean
what the Crown Prince sprinkled
was a poison trigger?
Exactly.
That's why even though
I inhaled most of it,
I remained unharmed.
But you only came in contact
with a little,
and immediately acted up.
I just don't know
how she planted the poison seed in you.
Empress Ci Zhen
had a very difficult time
during childbirth.
I fear I was born with it.
So Xiahou Dan's fate...
was written before he was even born.
So all my struggles
were meaningless.
But he met you and me,
so it wasn't all for nothing.
We've narrowed down the poison's origin
to the Qiang State.
Finding it
is just a matter of time.
Wanyin.
Thank you.
On behalf of this unfortunate Xiahou Dan,
thank you.
With the Empress Dowager dead,
Prince Duan's next target
will be us.
I forgot to tell you yesterday.
News came from the border
that all three armies are mobilizing.
What we feared has come.
Our worst suspicions are confirmed.
So,
before Prince Duan's reinforcements
arrive,
the Empress Dowager's funeral
must be expedited.
The Azure Dragon of the East,
the White Tiger of the West,
the Vermilion Bird of the South,
and the Black Turtle of the North—
each of these four celestial guardians
has seven mansions beneath them.
Unfortunately, they all have conflicts
with the Empress Dowager's burial date.
Even though the Empress Dowager
led a diligent life full of blessings,
we should not go against heaven's will
and disturb her peace.
This newly appointed
Imperial Astronomer Director
speaks quite like Yang.
Of course.
I wrote this speech.
Didn't you transfer
to the Ministry of Personnel?
Why are you still
handling the Imperial Astronomer's affairs?
It's just a small favor.
Her Highness calls it
resource exchange.
Besides,
what if I need the Imperial Astronomy's
help in the future?
After
my careful calculation
and thorough analysis,
I have finally determined
that the 14th day of the 11th Lunar Month
is an auspicious day
that comes once in a hundred years.
It's suitable for burial,
opening the coffin,
moving the casket,
receiving ancestral blessings,
and protecting future generations.
Good!
A good day indeed!
An auspicious day!
The 14th of the 11th Lunar Month
is just three days from now.
Isn't this a bit too rushed?
Mr. Chen,
do you have any objections?
I have none, Your Majesty.
Since none of you have any objections,
we shall proceed with
the Empress Dowager's burial
in three days.
Your Majesty is wise.
[Compendium of Rare Poisons]
This one should be lower.
Yes, lower.
Arrange the fruit plates evenly.
Bring that in.
Come.
What?
Done.
♪ When the net of destiny
blocks the light ♪
♪ Floating in the trap ♪
This is my first time seeing
♪ It's like a mystery ♪
this place when it's empty.
♪ But with the ending not yet determined ♪
You didn't have to accompany me here.
♪ No one can define me ♪
I used to hate every brick
♪ My whole life ♪
here.
♪ Standing in the hurricane,
watching the fire rise ♪
But now,
with the person I despised gone,
♪ Dancing on the blade's edge, I thread
through blood, writing my wild ode ♪
these things
♪ I am not one of the gentle ones ♪
♪ How could my thoughts
be tethered to the soft begonia? ♪
don't seem so hateful anymore.
♪ Do not speak to me
of what's inappropriate ♪
♪ I am the moral order ♪
With the Empress Dowager dead
♪ The gleam of the blade
tempers feathers into a phantom Phoenix ♪
and her faction disbanded,
♪ And these Phoenix bones of mine ♪
♪ Empower me
to pierce through the wind and waves ♪
no one will feed these birds anymore.
If we don't set them free,
they'll starve to death.
♪ Allow me ♪
♪ To not linger in shame,
to not give way ♪
♪ To not be faithless,
to not admit defeat ♪
♪ A body of stubborn pride
rises to shout that I ♪
You're free now.
Fly away!
♪ Was never a creature
meant for the shallows ♪
Birds with clipped wings
♪ Allow me ♪
have long forgotten how to fly.
♪ To never pause ♪
♪ Allow me ♪
♪ To dare to shatter my bones ♪
♪ Wherever I stand,
I dare to write a legend of glory ♪
Fly!
Come on, fly!
Come.
Don't be afraid.
♪ Standing in the hurricane,
watching the fire rise ♪
♪ Dancing on the blade's edge, I thread
through blood, writing my wild ode ♪
♪ I am not one of the gentle ones ♪
♪ How could my thoughts
be tethered to the soft begonia? ♪
♪ Do not speak to me
of what's inappropriate ♪
Cut wings
♪ I am the moral order ♪
will grow back eventually.
♪ The gleam of the blade
tempers feathers into a phantom Phoenix ♪
Flying is a bird's nature.
♪ And these Phoenix bones of mine ♪
♪ Empower me
to pierce through the wind and waves ♪
No matter how long it's caged,
it will never forget that.
♪ Allow me ♪
Fly.
♪ To not linger in shame,
to not give way ♪
♪ To not be faithless,
to not admit defeat ♪
Fly.
♪ A body of stubborn pride
rises to shout that I ♪
See.
♪ Was never a creature
meant for the shallows ♪
I told you.
♪ Allow me ♪
♪ To never pause ♪
♪ To dare to shatter my bones ♪
♪ Wherever I stand,
I dare to write a legend of glory ♪
You're free now.
Thank you
for taking care of so many things for me.
What's with you?
Why so polite all of a sudden?
It's just too cold.
How can it be this cold?
Don't you feel the chilly draft here?
Take this.
Take it.
Quick.
After kneeling for so long,
how is your hot water bottle
still so warm?
I added a layer of tin foil inside.
Don't you remember?
The takeout food from our world
always arrives hot.
You're so clever.
No wonder you could kneel for so long.
Your Highness.
May I have a word with you?
What is it?
Your Highness,
I have failed you.
I've searched through all of
the Imperial Medical Bureau's books
but still couldn't identify
the exact components of the poison.
I knew it.
Whenever someone asks
for a word in private,
it's rarely good news.
But I haven't come empty-handed.
Physician Xiao,
please tell me everything at once.
My apologies, Your Highness.
The poison His Majesty was exposed to
at Mount Bei
should have prevented
his wounds from healing,
yet he recovered remarkably quickly.
This time,
while most of the poison trigger
the Crown Prince released this time
was inhaled by Your Highness,
His Majesty still inhaled more than usual.
Yet the headache
only occurred once that night.
Therefore,
I have a bold idea.
Please continue.
Your Highness mentioned
fighting poison with poison last time,
which from a medical perspective
is feasible.
So if we can find
a poison that counteracts
the one in His Majesty's body,
I have a 50% chance of success.
I understand.
I'll send a message by carrier pigeon
and ask Tu'er to help us search.
I hope there's enough time.
Your Highness's devotion to His Majesty
will move the heavens.
I'm sure we'll make it in time.
Physician Xiao,
you've always been straightforward.
But now you're flattering me?
Physician Xiao, what are you doing?
Your Highness,
I dare
to make a request of you.
Go ahead.
I see His Majesty trusts you greatly.
After His Majesty
resolves the matter with Prince Duan,
could Your Highness
put in a good word with His Majesty
and ask him
to release Consort Xie?
You mean...
You mean Xie Yong'er?
You two...
Your Highness, please don't misunderstand.
My relationship with Consort Xie
is completely innocent.
It's just that day in the flower house,
when I first met Consort Xie,
she showed me kindness.
She is such a wise and kind person.
I truly cannot bear
to see her wither
like those angelica plants,
fading day by day.
Therefore,
I beg
Your Highness to help her.
Physician Xiao, please rise.
Thank you, Your Highness.
Yong'er is fortunate
to have a friend like you.
Don't worry.
We're thinking of the same thing.
On the day of
the Empress Dowager's funeral,
after Prince Duan follows
the funeral procession out of the city,
I will send people to escort her
to leave the capital
in the opposite direction.
By that time,
it will be too late
for Prince Duan to find her.
The Emperor and I
don't know if we can
ultimately defeat Prince Duan.
So every additional day
Yong'er stays in this palace
is another day of danger.
Only by leaving this palace
can she truly be safe.
So Your Majesty
and Your Highness have already...
I am ashamed.
I
will do everything in my power
to protect His Majesty from harm.
You've reminded me of something.
Since parting is inevitable,
then her final memories
shouldn't just be the warmth in her hands.
What did Physician Xiao say?
Today is the winter solstice.
Do you want dumplings?
Dumplings?
Your Majesty!
Why did you leave me?
Her Majesty has fainted from grief.
Someone help take her back to the palace!
This is just dough.
You can only wrap it after rolling it out.
What is this?
My buns.
They're better than yours.
Look at yours.
The filling's coming out.
So what?
Don't you think it's novel?
Well...
I'm better than you.
How so?
Given how I know my own incompetency.
You know what?
It looks like you.
But I did it according to how you look.
Stop!
All of you!
Get out of here.
Stop wasting my ingredients!
Everyone out! Did you hear me?
Move it!
This fish is not for eating.
You can look at it but not eat it.
It symbolizes abundance.
Is that so?
Come, have some dumplings.
Here.
Have some dumplings.
Try them.
What filling is this?
What filling don't you eat?
I don't eat pork.
It's pork.
It's beef filling.
Delicious.
Cen,
it's hot.
Today is the winter solstice.
Have a drink to warm yourself up.
All right.
Come on.
Well...
We're together again.
I wish Cen good health.
And a speedy recovery.
Thank you for your hospitality today.
Thank you, Er Lan.
Come, drink up.
Have some more.
One cup is enough.
Er, you…
why are you acting
like a controlling wife?
Yang,
you haven't even started drinking
and you're already talking nonsense.
Today is the winter solstice.
We should drink until we're drunk.
Besides,
Er's cooking skills are so impressive.
He can serve in court
and cook in the kitchen.
If you were a woman,
countless families
would be lining up to propose.
Yang, what's gotten into you today?
-Why? Don't like hearing what I'm saying?
-Stop drinking.
That's enough, don't drink anymore.
Come on, stop drinking for now.
What's the matter?
If you want to marry someone
just because she's good at cooking
rather than
for her personality and talents,
you might as well remain single.
Li is right.
When it comes to knowledge and wisdom,
gender doesn't matter;
only ability counts.
Er.
Being a good cook is useless.
Can't you tell?
He's insulting you.
Is that so?
Quite a harsh insult too.
Hey, Cen, you...
See? He's half recovered.
Give me back my wine.
Here.
Drink your wine.
Come on, let me pour it for you.
General!
There's an urgent confidential message.
[The Empress Dowager's funeral will be
held on the 14th of the 11th Lunar Month]
[The advance party has gathered
at Mount Bei. The remaining troops]
[will arrive at the city gates in 5 days
to intimidate the Royalists.]
I knew it.
Once the Empress Dowager dies,
Prince Duan would certainly make his move.
This kingdom
will likely fall into chaos.
General,
should our Right Army
still be moving around in stealth?
Is that still necessary?
All three armies are already on the move.
It's just a matter of who's faster now.
Dumplings with wine bring more prosperity.
Dumplings with fish
bring abundance every year.
One should hold the dumpling bowl
on the winter solstice.
Otherwise, you will freeze off your ears!
Here.
Thank you, Mr. Bei.
Thank you.
Time for dumplings!
Eat.
Thank you, Mr. Bei.
I just bit onto something.
What's wrong?
That's good luck!
I wish
everything goes as you wish
and peace year after year!
Mr. Bei.
I pay you respects as your junior.
Wishing you good health
and success in everything
in the coming year.
You shouldn't, you shouldn't.
It's fine, Mr. Bei.
Just accept it.
I found one too!
Yong'er.
Then we wish you
a smooth departure from the palace
to see the world and find yourself.
Thank you.
Xie Yong'er.
I thank you too.
All these talks are useless.
When I leave the palace,
just give me enough travel money.
My turn now.
Do I have one too?
Is there one?
Wait, Mr. Bei,
how many coins did you put in total?
There's one in every dumpling.
Luck is something
you need to make yourself
if you want it.
Then eat more.
All your travel money is in the dumplings.
What a cheapskate!
It's delicious.
Eat up.
[Tablet of the Mother of the Prince, Li]
Mother.
The dumplings are ready.
Look at you.
You got flour all over your face.
Come here.
You look like a little kitten.
Mother.
You eat.
You eat first.
Mother.
What are you embroidering?
I'm embroidering a sachet for you.
May it bless you
and keep you healthy every year.
Mother.
You've been gone for 14 years.
I think about you every day.
The sachet you embroidered for me,
I wear it every day.
Mother, please bless me with
triumph and success
tomorrow.
What do you want to do
after leaving the palace?
I want to travel and see the sights first,
then explore this world properly.
And then...
live in seclusion?
No way!
I want to wait
until you've stabilized the country,
then get some royal investment.
What do you think
about me starting a business empire?
Look at you.
Truly the chosen one.
Do you have specific business plans?
I plan to develop a food delivery service,
starting with the city
as the foundation.
That's a good one.
I want to invest in it!
We could also do package delivery.
But transportation
is inadequate in this world.
We need to build roads.
If I were to make cars,
would you invest?
Why not go all the way
and build a maglev tube system?
Maglev?
What's that?
Oh no,
when "Devil's Favorite Concubine"
was published,
maglev tubes didn't exist, did they?
I read about it in sci-fi novels.
I can't explain it properly.
You want me to build something
from sci-fi novels?
You think too highly of me.
I'm just kidding.
You mentioned before
that in your world,
you lived in...
Where was it again?
Bei...
Just a small county town.
You wouldn't have heard of it.
All right.
By the way,
remember to
pass this letter to Xiao Tiancai
[To Xiao Tiancai]
after I leave tomorrow.
You're friend-zoning him?
You're really friend-zoning him?
Don't make our dear Physician Xiao
so upset that he goes on strike.
It's not friend-zoning him.
I told you we're just friends.
You're overthinking it.
Fine.
I'll pass this to him.
Thank you.
I never thought
the person I'd entrust something to
would be you in the end.
This plot
is like a wild horse running free.
At this point of time,
I really don't know where it's heading.
I'm not surprised at all.
We're from the same place after all.
We're like a mirror in this world.
That's right.
I finally understand.
In this world,
having someone who understands me
like you do
isn't dangerous
but comforting.
Sis...
You're being so dramatic.
All right.
I'm leaving.
Don't forget to miss me.
Wanyin!
It's a deal.
When I get my food delivery business
up and running,
you'll teach me
some specialty snacks from your hometown.
Sure!
Your Highness.
Go and prepare.
Yes.
Leave!
I once said
to prevent them from using foresight
to predict the future,
at a critical moment,
I would insert a small variable.
Now, that moment has come.
These
were truly written by Consort Yu?
That's right.
Even this sachet
was embroidered for me by her own hands.
What I'm about to say,
you must remember word for word.
That year at the Lantern Festival
flower market,
she was dressed
fully in plain white clothes,
yet her breathtaking beauty
could not be concealed.
At that time,
she had not yet entered the palace.
You two were deeply in love
and exchanged tokens of affection.
You thought
you would marry her and bring her home
to grow old together.
But who could have imagined her father
was a vain man.
For his own career,
he sent his daughter into the palace
to become a consort.
From then on,
separated by the palace walls,
you could not ease the pain of longing.
However, this woman was quite clever.
She became the Emperor's favored consort
and used some methods
to have you promoted to
Commander of the Imperial Guards.
From then on,
you had some convenient means to meet.
But you were not content—
not content to sneak around forever
like this.
Moreover,
she was pregnant with your child.
Such words
will cost me my life.
If you are unwilling,
I can send you out of the city tonight.
To live out your days
in a remote manor
doesn't sound bad at all.
Your Highness misunderstands.
Rather than live like a rat in the gutter,
I'd rather take a gamble.
I'm betting that Your Highness
is the one chosen by destiny.
But will the Emperor
really buy this story?
Whether he buys it doesn't matter.
By that time,
all the civil and military officials
will be present.
Yu Wanyin's reputation as a seductress
will spread forever.
If Xiahou Dan shields her,
then he's blinded by lust.
He'd be an incompetent ruler.
In this way,
our military action
will be...
fully justified.